content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "wasmVision Home"
---

{{< blocks/cover title="" image_anchor="top" height="min" color="primary" >}}

![wasmVision Logo](images/wasmvision-logo-icon-transparent.png)

<p class="display-1 mt-0 mt-md-5 pb-4">wasmVision</p>
<p class="h2 mt-md-5 pb-4">Get going with computer vision</p>

<div class="mx-auto">
	<a class="btn btn-lg btn-primary mr-3 mb-4" href="{{< relref "/getting-started" >}}">
		Get Started <i class="fas fa-arrow-alt-circle-right ml-2"></i>
	</a>
	<a class="btn btn-lg btn-secondary mr-3 mb-4" href="https://github.com/wasmvision/wasmvision">
		See the code <i class="fab fa-github ml-2 "></i>
	</a>
</div>

{{< /blocks/cover >}}

{{% blocks/lead color="secondary" %}}

wasmVision is a high-performance computer vision processing engine that includes advanced algorithms and vision models for machine learning.

It is designed to be customized and extended using WebAssembly, can run on embedded devices or run in the cloud, and takes advantage of hardware acceleration.

{{% /blocks/lead %}}

{{< blocks/section color="primary-light" type="row">}}
{{% blocks/feature icon="fa fa-video-camera" title="Capture" url="docs/concepts/capture" %}}
    Capture video from cameras,
    video files, or streams
{{% /blocks/feature %}}

{{% blocks/feature icon="fa fa-cogs" title="Process" url="docs/concepts/processors" %}}
    Process video using computer vision
    algorithms and machine learning models
{{% /blocks/feature %}}

{{% blocks/feature icon="fa fa-film" title="Output" url="docs/concepts/output" %}}
    Output results to a stream,
	video file, or data store
{{% /blocks/feature %}}
{{< /blocks/section >}}

{{% blocks/lead color="secondary" %}}

Use the built-in processors for face detection, edge detection, and other common tasks.

You can also create your own processors using the Go, Rust, and C programming languages.

Ready to get started? [Click here](getting-started).

{{% /blocks/lead %}}

Commit message:

homepage: shout outs to a few open source projects on which wasmVision is built
Signed-off-by: deadprogram <ron@hybridgroup.com>

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "wasmVision Home"
---

{{< blocks/cover title="" image_anchor="top" height="min" color="primary" >}}

![wasmVision Logo](images/wasmvision-logo-icon-transparent.png)

<p class="display-1 mt-0 mt-md-5 pb-4">wasmVision</p>
<p class="h2 mt-md-5 pb-4">Get going with computer vision</p>

<div class="mx-auto">
	<a class="btn btn-lg btn-primary mr-3 mb-4" href="{{< relref "/getting-started" >}}">
		Get Started <i class="fas fa-arrow-alt-circle-right ml-2"></i>
	</a>
	<a class="btn btn-lg btn-secondary mr-3 mb-4" href="https://github.com/wasmvision/wasmvision">
		See the code <i class="fab fa-github ml-2 "></i>
	</a>
</div>

{{< /blocks/cover >}}

{{% blocks/lead color="secondary" %}}

wasmVision is a high-performance computer vision processing engine that includes advanced algorithms and vision models for machine learning.

It is designed to be customized and extended using WebAssembly, can run on embedded devices or run in the cloud, and takes advantage of hardware acceleration.

{{% /blocks/lead %}}

{{< blocks/section color="primary-light" type="row">}}
{{% blocks/feature icon="fa fa-video-camera" title="Capture" url="docs/concepts/capture" %}}
    Capture video from cameras,
    video files, or streams
{{% /blocks/feature %}}

{{% blocks/feature icon="fa fa-cogs" title="Process" url="docs/concepts/processors" %}}
    Process video using computer vision
    algorithms and machine learning models
{{% /blocks/feature %}}

{{% blocks/feature icon="fa fa-film" title="Output" url="docs/concepts/output" %}}
    Output results to a stream,
	video file, or data store
{{% /blocks/feature %}}
{{< /blocks/section >}}

{{% blocks/lead color="secondary" %}}

Use the built-in processors for face detection, edge detection, and other common tasks.

You can also create your own processors using the Go, Rust, and C programming languages.

wasmVision is open source and built using top open source projects like <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank">OpenCV</a>, <a href="https://wazero.io/" target="_blank">Wazero</a>, and <a href="https://gocv.io/" target="_blank">GoCV</a>.

Ready to get started? [Click here](getting-started).

{{% /blocks/lead %}}
